Hey everybody.
Welcome back to boost your income with
Bootstrap to WordPress and this lecture
is the final lecture for this section.
We're pretty much done
with the homepage and
basically all we need to do now
is just some general CSS cleanup.
We might have missed a few things here and
there,and also since the site is
already responsive because we're using
Bootstrap it's not always perfect.
Sometimes there are a few things,
a few overlapping elements.
Because we've added some custom CSS,
it might conflict with a few things, so
we're just going to do some stress testing
and make sure everything works, add
some custom responsive media queries, and
then we'll move on to the next section.
[MUSIC]
Okay last but not least,
just a little bit left to do here.
Go to your code editor, and there's
a few things that we just left out and
would be good to just add right now,
in terms of the CSS, only a few styles.
And we also need to add some media
queries, at the bottom of our CSS.
So let's just start in our global section,
I already know just because
I built this site, and
we're going to come across this issue,
so I would like to handle it right now.
Remember the paragraph
at the class of lead,
the one that we use here at the very top.
Well, we specifically
styled this as a font
weight light, I believe, or normal.
Right here as well.
But what would be good if we
just added paragraph lead.
And we just said font
weight: normal right here.
So that any time we use the lead text
throughout our website in the future,
we don't have to keep
styling that specific one.
So this just globally makes sure
that all of the lead text or
the paragraph the class of lead
will always be following normal.
So it matches the style.
And since we're on the paragraphs, let's
just add a paragraph style and say font,
oh sorry, margin 0, 0, 15.
I want by default the paragraphs to have
a margin of 15 pixels on the bottom.
Not a huge deal.
I think Bootstrap has something like 20 or
25 pixels of margin on the bottom of
paragraphs, but I want it to be 15 because
it looks better within our website.
Okay, save that and
there is just a little bit more.
Scroll down to the layout section.
And we're gonna add a cell
at the very beginning.
It's gonna look like this.
Class of row, and then plus, row.
So what does that mean?
Well this is a specific
combination style where you can,
when you add the plus sign basically
it looks for the row or an element with
the class of row that comes immediately
after an element with the class of row.
So, in this case,
that would be, I'll show you.
Let's just go background red.
We're not gonna keep this, but I just
wanna show you blatantly what this is.
So, right here, our testimonials,
these guys are rows
with the class, these are rows and then
they have rows immediately afterwards.
So we want to do something here.
And say margin-top: 20px.
So, any row that comes immediately after
a row, we want the margin top to be 20.
So, it just gives us a little
bit more breathing room,
here, in the testimonial section.
Okay.
That's really it for that.
Now, why don't we scroll down to the very,
very bottom.
Because here's where we're
gonna add our media queries.
Now Bootstrap already has default
media queries and responsive styles,
but we're gonna have to add a couple
of our own for a few specific reasons.
So let's start by adding
the media query media, screen and
this will be max width 991.
So if your screen is
a maximum width of 991, so
everything from 991 and
under will get these styles.
So we're gonna select instructor and
container.
So the container within the instructor.
Now why am I doing this?
Because let's just show you.
If I make this smaller than 991,
you'll see there's an issue.
Do you see how the text
starts overlapping my body?
And you can't actually see the text.
So we're just going to add a background
of rgba, and you can use white or
use a PNG background image if you want
to be more cross browser compatible.
But I like just pushing the envelope
just a little bit here.
And I'm just going to use RGBA.
So that's red, green, blue and
alpha, 255, 255, 255, and 0.8.
Basically, this says the RGB will be 255,
which is basically white.
And the A, alpha will be 80%.
So that means that white will be 80%.
So you could see through it,
just a little bit.
And padding 20 pixels, so check it out.
Do you see how now you can
read the text because it added
a semi-transparent white background.
So now you can read even
with me in the background.
Once you get smaller than 991 pixels.
Great.
So that's it for 991.
Let's move onto another one.
Media screen and max width,
this will be 768, so
it's pretty much like an iPad in portrait,
however there's so
many new iPads coming out now,
I don't even know if we're gonna have
to start changing our media queries,
all of us web designers and developers.
Okay, we're gonna select the logo,
and give it the width of 50%, and why?
Let me show you.
This is our logo right here,
and I want the width to be 50%.
So basically, instead of max width 100%
and having it be the full width, I want it
to be 50% of the width of the screen, so
it just kind of looks a little bit better.
Great.
Next, we have the opt-in paragraph tag,
opt-in p, and I'm gonna say margin zero,
zero, ten, because it needs a little bit
of margin in under it, you can see here.
So now, we have some margin
between here and the button.
Looks a bit better.
And also,
the featurette where the video is,
the embedded YouTube video,
wanna select that iframe.
And I want the height to be 240 pixels.
Because currently the height is
the height of the fixed height
that we put in the iframe.
But if I make it 240,
it will be a little bit more,
I want an appropriate height
especially once it's smaller.
There you go.
Great.
And then we're gonna move on here and
add another one, media screen and
max width 568.
This is an iPhone 5 and up,
in portrait orientation.
We will be styling instructor numb.
So those numbers.
Remember how I said they
were overlapping a bit?
I wanna change that height to 100 pixels,
and the width to 100 pixels.
And now the font size will be smaller.
If I save that,
we'll see a little bit better.
Here we go.
And I also want the instructor
num span to have a smaller
font size of 16 pixels.
Save that.
And now it should look better.
That's more appropriate.
And basically our home page looks great.
It's perfectly responsive.
Everything looks good.
You can feel free to play around.
If you don't like something,
this is yours to play around with.
You can even see here,
cool drop down menu, looks good.
All right.
That's awesome.
So, good job guys for
mastering this section.
We've built a beautiful,
beautiful home page.
And we're utilizing a lot of Bootstrap's
core features, and it looks great.
We're using parallax effect,
we have testimonials, we have big buttons,
we have nice styles and yada, yada, yada.
It looks great.
You did a good job.
The next section,
we're gonna be coding our blog, and that
one should be fairly quick cuz it's pretty
straightforward, as you could see here.
Here's our blog, we're going to
be selling this we have some nice
parallax background title section,
our blog overview.
We have a side bar with some widgets that
we're gonna turn into WordPress widgets
eventually, and then after that we
will move onto resources contact and
then we'll be jumping into WordPress and
that's where the good stuff starts.
So hang in there, go get yourself a drink.
Coffee, tea, beer, water.
Whatever you want.
And I will see you in the next section.
[MUSIC]